# Take a look at Katie's Full Resume [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aueyyzIbBppkaLmxu-1zpffMDexrUhQz/view)

## Education
University of Nebraska-Lincoln | Bachelor of Arts | Graduated May 2014
Majors: Global Studies and Political Science | Minor: German

## Research Experience
- Completed a thesis, including original research abroad, examining the impact of Rajasthan’s
50% quota for women in Urban Local Bodies (mandated by the 2009 Rajasthan Municipalities Act)
on the policy expression of female development priorities in Jaipur.

- Completed the India section of an NGO report examining the effects of gender budgeting on marginalized women.

## Work Experience
### Project Associate/Transcription Coordinator | August 2016 - September 2017
University of Nebraska-Lincoln Bureau of Sociological Research (BOSR) | Lincoln, Nebraska
- Coordinated transcription between offices at the UNL Bureau of Sociological Research while setting up and managing
our (then) new transcription office.
- Wrote reports and gave recommendations to clients through quantitative and qualitative analysis methods,
yielding insightful solutions to their toughest problems.

### Telephone Interviewer Supervisor for the Nebraska BRFSS | February 2015 - August 2016
University of Nebraska-Lincoln Bureau of Sociological Research (BOSR) | Lincoln, Nebraska
- Identified a major problem in our workplace culture: Many interviewers did not understand our expectations for
professionalism in the office, creating a subtle yet insidious hostility against women, especially young women, and
people of color.
- Effectively addressed the problem by proposing, researching, designing, and executing a new training program,
personally mentoring some young women, and demonstrating personal consistency in modeling our values of
respect and inclusion.
- Monitored and gave feedback to over 45 employees to improve their performance and develop their strengths.
Research Intern | October 2013 - December 2013

### Budget Analysis Rajasthan Centre (BARC) | Jaipur, India
- Rehabilitated a delayed report by rapidly producing high-quality research and gender-sensitive budget analysis.
- Successfully navigated the Jaipur municipal bureaucracy to obtain documents for my own original research.
- Represented BARC’s interests at a UN Women Conference on Dalit Women and Budgets.

### Telephone Interviewer | August 2011 - March 2014
Gallup, Inc | Lincoln, Nebraska
- Utilized Gallup resources to learn about their Q12 system, employee engagement, and behavioral economics within
organizations, laying the groundwork for my current managerial style and success.
- Utilized Gallup resources to develop my strengths, including problem solving and communicating a vision for the
future to diverse groups of people.
